# January 29, 2023 :duck:

## Quarter 1 Tasks
* Bucket#1: Board Definitions
  * Tasks:
    1. Create a separate repo/branch?
    2. What basic boards do we want to support for CDP?
       * Heltec V2 / V3
       * TBeam 
       * Future - QuAD
       * Lo-Fi - https://shop.sb-components.co.uk/products/lo-fi?variant=41026475753555
       * T-Echo
       * CubeCell
    3. Create a file for each board?
       * Do they have a display? WiFi?
* Bucket#2: DuckRadio.h
  * Vision: Make the radio "swapable" with any radio protocol
    * Start with LoRa and in the future expand to BLE, LTE, VHF, etc
  * Tasks:
    1. Create a separate repo/branch?
    2. DuckRadio.h should create APIs from DuckRadio.cpp 
    3. Create a DuckRadio.cpp specifically for LoRa
* Bucket#3: DuckNet.h
  * Tasks:
    1. Create a separate repo/branch?
    2. Extract Captive Portal
       * Extract everything related to Captive Portal and create a separate file/repo for it
       * Possibly create a file for each feature in the captive portal (chat, encryption, network isolation, DetectorDuck etc) [ask community]
    3. Remove any reference to captive portal in CDP
       * Possibly submit a PR to the main branch (without Captive Portal) -> [ask community]
       * Do we need WiFi? Should we make WiFi an option? for default 
    4. Make sure it only has Network stuff such as SSID, Password, etc

## Pull Requests
* [Dependency Script Revisions](https://github.com/Call-for-Code/ClusterDuck-Protocol/pull/340)
  * Taraqur will test and merge
* [Heltec v3 support](https://github.com/Call-for-Code/ClusterDuck-Protocol/pull/310)
  * Need CDP to switch to RadioLib 6.0
  * Need all Ducks to have the same version of CDP
  * Timo will check and merge
  
## Research Paper Discussion
* Votes are in! We are reading "Forestry Monitoring System using LoRa and Drone"
* Meeting on February 1 at 11 AM EST
* Check #research_papers in Slack for the paper pdf