# August 8, 2024 :duck:

## Security Vulnerabilities 
* Few community members from Nepal looked at possible security threats that CDP might experience
* Some threats were:
  * binary files in the Ducks contained hard-coded sensitive information
  * the web portal for CDP is not secure, can be access using endpoints visible in Github 
     * `/privateChatHistory` will display messages that were meant to be private
     * `/restart` will restart the device if someone visits that endpoint
     * `/update` allows anyone to upload a binary to update firmware
     * `/wifi` allows wifi credentials be changed; attacks can configure the devices to their own network and create attacks like MITM, user hijacking, etc.
  * Stored Cross-Site Scripting (XSS)
* These are some basic security threats that can be solved by a form of authorization; only allowed users can access these endpoints

## Questions Answers in Github Discussions
* We are created a forum of questions and answers that were asked in community and we need your help!
* If you have any questions, feel free to add it!
* If you have an answer, feel free to answer it!
* We will add questions in Github that were answered, if you have time, find the answer in Discord and answer in the forum.

## 3D Prints
* We created a repo of CAD files for the Ducks!
* If you have CAD skills, we would love to see it!
  * Feel free to contribute your CAD files for the devices that CDP supports!

## PRs and Issues
* Fixing the issue with the build system
* Brenton submitted his fix for AXP library for TBeam

